synergy 2 is available now and makes
sharing a keyboard a mouse between two
systems so simple that anyone could do
it check it out in the link of the
description down below
we're here at fantex checking out a
setup that has two power supplies shared
into one system that's so simple anyone
can do it or one power supply shared
into two systems so simple that anyone
could do it
fantex has teamed up with c sonic to
make these power supplies and they're
two different ones for the two different
applications let's start with the revolt
Pro this is the one you'll be using if
you want to use multiple power supplies
on the same system that isn't just two
you could theoretically go beyond just
the two we have here but I suspect the
vast majority of people will stick with
just two power supplies now how does
this work you may have seen the power
supply combiner and splitter that fantex
is released in the past they've
essentially built that functionality
into these power supplies individually
so the revolt Pro has your motherboard
connector a whole bunch of CPU and PCIe
connectors a whole bunch of SATA and
molex connectors and then down below
these rubber stoppers there's another
motherboard and another CPU pin input
connector that you would plug another
power supply into it doesn't technically
have to be a fan Tech's power supply
although I do suspect that they would
probably prefer that but you could use
whatever power supply you want and it's
able to share some of its power up to I
believe 600 watts through this main
power supply but it's also able you're
able to use the other cables from the
other power supply if you want to plug
in more molexes or more graphics cards
or whatever else you need
and there's failover protection so if
you are able to power both systems off
of one power supply that is connected
into each other say you go with the
1,000 watt version and you have a beefy
system or the 850 watt version and you
have a fairly mid-tier average system
that people are building these days one
entire power supply could go down and
your system won't shut down another cool
thing about this that I like is if
you're building a system that you need
to power supplies for say Austin and
scrapyard Wars season 3 or if you're
mining or if you're just doing something
crazy with computers and you need
multiple power supplies you don't have
to mess around with bridging the 24 pin
connector with the green wire and the
black wire and making sure that you
switch both the power supplies on at the
exact right time so that you don't have
part of your system powered up and the
other part
not powered up now everything's plugged
into each other it's really simple you
have one power switch everything's just
fine it'll work but moving on from there
we have the revolt X which is kind of
the opposite it splits instead of
joining on this one you have labels for
system one where you have motherboard
CPU connections SATA molex PCIe all that
kind of stuff and then there's system
two where you have motherboard and CPU
as well this is also great but for
completely different scenarios this
enables you to run say two systems in
one box you could have your main system
that you do everything on air and your
day-to-day then you could have your
streaming box or a workstation or a test
system or whatever else on the other
side this also makes it so that say you
have two workstations next to each other
you could run them out of the same box
with two systems out of the same box
split monitors onto each side and then
you're at higher efficiency this is a
1200 watt Platinum rated power supply
and if you look at efficiency curves
down on the lower end if you're not
using that much power say both the
systems are idling on two separate power
supplies you're at low efficiency on
both of the power supplies this will
make it that you're gonna climb the
efficiency curve a little bit make us of
those idling times which is actually a
pretty high percentage of the time
you're using your core you're not using
your computer I guess when you're asleep
and whatnot if you don't turn your
computer off or even when you just walk
away from it if it's idling it will be
more efficient than other possible
solutions you get one power supply that
isn't at a higher price than it would be
if it didn't have this internal
functionality it's a quite competitive
price for other power supplies at the
1200 watt range same with the revolt pro
that we mentioned earlier it's not
necessarily higher price than anything
else in its competitive range and it
looks really good
I like this grill on the top and you're
able to gain this functionality you
could use these things you could use the
revolt X 1200 watt as a single power
supply for a single system you could use
the revolt Pro 850 or 1000 watt as a
single power supply for a single system
you're paying essentially the same
amount and you're gaining functionality
to possibly use in the future say you
want to grow on your system you want to
add a graphics card or two or do some
other crazy stuff and you have the
revolt Pro well you could just get
another power supply link it in you have
more wattage you have more connectors
everything's kind of handled for you
it's nice and smooth so you go with the
revolt X and you
- just add another whole computer you
had a workstation beside you you had an
employee your girlfriend wants a
computer something like that you already
have the power supply you just plug it
into the other system and you're done
you even have to buy another one that's
pretty cool a trusted power supply brand
like see sonic coming together with
fantex to add really cool functionality
to their power supplies and make
everything nice and simple and easy to
use is really cool if you decide to go
with something like the revolt X and
have two systems you might need some
software to link the keyboard and mouse
as well over the system soon I'm doing
sponsor spot there we go synergy 2 is
out they've simplified a whole bunch of
stuff with the new release there's no
longer the server client settings that
you have to set up just all your systems
will work together it's also able to
communicate over more complicated
networks that's energy to you sooner if
you one used to have problems with back
in the past so you have to worry about
that stuff anymore
there's a new UI there's SSL encrypted
connections it's it's much more simple
even able to access your computers
before you've logged into them if you
have all this stuff shared over which is
nice so you can move the stuff over
login from there everything's nice and
good to go if you want to check it out
check it out in the link in the
description I like the video if you
liked it dislike if you disliked it stay
subscribed for all the rest of our CES
2018 content I did not suspect we would
be doing this many power supply videos
but everything's been really cool so far
so yeah stay tuned I'll see you next
time